add installation and usage guideness in README (#32)
PingCAP-QE/Naglfar: README.md

# Naglfar

An automatic test pipeline for distributed systems.

## Install

### Prepare

- Tools
    - git
    - docker
    - kubectl
- Source Code
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/PingCAP-QE/Naglfar.git
    cd Naglfar
    ```

### Deploy

#### Single Node K8s

- Minikube

```bash
eval "$(minikube docker-env)"
make deploy
```

#### Multiple Node K8s

```bash
make docker-build
make docker-push
make deploy
```

Then execute `kubectl get crd | grep "naglfar.pingcap.com"` to inspect deployment. You should see:

```
machines.naglfar.pingcap.com
procchaos.naglfar.pingcap.com                
relationships.naglfar.pingcap.com           
testclustertopologies.naglfar.pingcap.com   
testresourcerequests.naglfar.pingcap.com    
testresources.naglfar.pingcap.com           
testworkflows.naglfar.pingcap.com           
testworkloads.naglfar.pingcap.com           
```

## Usage

### Add Host Machine

A host machine is the machine to allocate resources and execute job (cluster and workload).

> The "resources" includes memery, cpu cores and exclusive disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "resources" include memory, CPU cores, and exclusive disks.
```

Author: Fixed

There are examples crds: [pipeline-examples](https://github.com/PingCAP-QE/Naglfar/tree/master/pipeline-examples).
You can see `machine.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: naglfar.pingcap.com/v1
kind: Machine
metadata:
  name: 172.16.0.1
  labels:
    type: physical
spec:
  host: 172.16.0.1
  dockerPort: 2376
  dockerTLS: true
  reserve:
    memory: 2GB
    cores: 2
  exclusiveDisks:
    - /dev/nvme0n1
    - /dev/nvme1n1
```

You can apply a new machine by `kubectl apply -f <file path>`, then execute `kubectl get machine` to checkout applyment result. 

### Request for Resources

> There are tow steps to request resources: create your k8s `Namespace` and add a `TestResouceRequest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two steps to request resources: create your k8s `Namespace` and add a `TestResouceRequest`.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: test-tidb-cluster
---

apiVersion: naglfar.pingcap.com/v1
kind: TestResourceRequest
metadata:
  name: test-tidb-cluster
  namespace: test-tidb-cluster
spec:
  items:
    - name: n1
      spec:
        memory: 1GB
        cores: 2
        disks:
          disk1:
            kind: nvme
            size: 500GB
            mountPath: /disks1
    - name: n2
      spec:
        memory: 10GB
        cores: 4
        disks:
          disk1:
            kind: nvme
            size: 1TB
            mountPath: /disks1
    - name: n3
      spec:
        memory: 5GB
        cores: 2
```

The disks maps custom names to exclusive disks, it's unnecessary if you do not need exclusive disks. All resources are allocated automatically, naglfar system will find machines for them.

> Now apply this file and checout result by `kubectl get trr test-tidb-cluster -n test-tidb-cluster`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now apply this file and checkout result by `kubectl get trr test-tidb-cluster -n test-tidb-cluster`.
```

With kubectl, you can describe the `n1` node of test resource by `kubectl describe tr n1 -n test-tidb-cluster`:

```yaml
Name:         n1
Namespace:    test-tidb-cluster
Labels:       <none>
Annotations:  <none>
API Version:  naglfar.pingcap.com/v1
Kind:         TestResource
Metadata:
  ...
Spec:
  ...
Status:
  ...
  Cluster IP:  10.0.2.213
  Exit Code:   0
  Exposed Ports:
    4000/tcp
    10080/tcp
    2379/tcp
    20180/tcp
    22/tcp
  Host IP:        172.16.0.1
  Image:          docker.io/mahjonp/base-image:latest
  Password:
  Phase:          running
  Port Bindings:  22/tcp:33115,2379/tcp:33114,4000/tcp:33113,10080/tcp:33112,20180/tcp:33111
  Ssh Port:       33115
  State:          ready
Events:           <none>
```

Then you can access the tidb endpoint by `10.0.2.213:4000`(docker swarm network) or `172.16.0.1:33113`(host machine network). You can even use ssh to login the root user by (`docker/insecure_key`)[https://github.com/PingCAP-QE/Naglfar/blob/master/docker/insecure_key].

### Apply ProcChaos

> The `ProcChaos` means process chaos, you can define some pattern and rules to kill processes once or in period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProcChaos` means process chaos, you can define some patterns and rules to kill processes once or in a period.```
